# GRAD521_DMPLlebot_2020

                                                    DMP Part 1: Data Description
My research content is to use computer simulation software to make the mechanical parts meet the movement trajectory required by the movement. It only works on software. In this study, due to the needs of the design that I needed a specific 4-bar rod trajectory to complete the design. Therefore, I will use data experiments to explore the fitting degree of the motion trajectory generated by the data set of the motion coordinates and motion positions of the 4-bar rod and the rod motion trajectory required by the experimental results.
   I am now designing a mechanical moving part (4bar) It would help to know what the context of this part is. It belongs to the theoretical research part, but it can also be applied in practice. By adjusting the position of the anchor point of each member, and setting the initial coordinates of each rod, I will be able to get a different trajectory of the member. In the repeated data changes, I will continue to correct my movement trajectory by inputting different data, and finally fit my required trajectory requirements.
  I will manually adjust the position of the part through the computer simulation software-PMKS (Planar Mechanism Kinematic Simulator) mode motion trajectory software, I will get a data set that basically fits the required trajectory, which is a “text” file format, a large amount of data such including “TimeSteps, x_0, y_0, Vx_0, Vy_0, etc.”, and then convert the position image into data output through the simulation software. I think it belongs to open-source software.
Finally, by completing the final fitting conditions, the data suffix is ".xlsx" file.
